We modify gekkofs to adapt to TH-express network through UCX support
To compile:
1. cd scripts/
2. run clean_up_compiled_deps.sh to clean up previously compilation files
3. run ./compile_dep.sh -p arm:latest ../deps-arm ../deps-arm-install/ to compile dependencies
4. cd .. && source env.sh
5. ./build.sh && cd build && make -j install

6. Build staging tools guide
   - Base dependencies
	- Clustershell installed on login nodes
	- Mpi compiler Load environment variables using `module load`, including MPI `bin`, `include`, etc.
	- Golang compiler >= v1.22
   - Build	
	1. Specify the MPI environment. 
        2. Specify the Go bin directory, for example:
		export PATH=/YourGoPath/bin:$PATH	
	3. Follow step 5. and wait for the build and installation to complete.
	4. In the build directory, run:
	        make build-go
   - Running tools
	1. Apply for an interactive environment using `salloc -Nnum -p xx`, which will create an interactive shell. All subsequent operations
	   must be conducted within this interactive shell.	
	2. Start the node under `scripts/yh-run` in the project directory, noting the location of `gkfs_hosts.txt`.
	3. Modify `install/bin/config.yaml` to fill in the corresponding parameters. When the tool is executed, the same directory must
	   contain `clush.conf`, `config.yaml`, and other configuration files.
	4. Modify `install/bin/config.yaml` to fill in the corresponding parameters. When the tool is executed, the same directory must 
	   contain `clush.conf`, `config.yaml`, and other configuration files. 
	5. Generate the hostfile using `./tool gen`, paying particular attention to `gkfs_hosts.txt` and `gkfs_hosts.txt.pid`. The former is a 		  file sorted by hostname, while the latter is a hostfile generated by capturing and concatenating PIDs.
	6. export LIBGKFS_REGISTRY=off
	7. Stage-in: copy file from Lustre to GekkoFS:
		./tools cp lustre/testfile /dev/shm/gkfs/testfile
	8. Stage-out: copy file from GekkoFS to Lustre:
		./tools cp /dev/shm/gkfs/testfile lustre/testfile
	
